You in Xinjiang in a while
Gotta hold him steady
Zhou Jianzhong dared not say
Be sure to open a breakthrough in him
Steady hehe
Hold him steady
Hey, don't worry.
Pretenders like you are open to money
Hold on, my name is Liu
Isn't it the person who sees money?
You are quite noble
Your lord, Li Mingjia has nothing to do with me
How much does he owe you to let him go has nothing to do with you
You pay Li Mingjia back the money
I have to find you today
I have no money, don't get me wrong
I'm not here to ask you for money today.
I'm here to give you money.
Uncle, don't joke
You pay back the money for Li Ning's family
The first payment becomes RMB
You gave me a second one, didn't you?
Yeah I didn't leave a penny
So here's the first one.
Real Money
Didn't you throw it away?
These guys think I'm dazzled
Pick it up for me again
Come back oye
eldest sister
In fact, I don't know if you keep it.
You are good
I have something to talk about in the future
Did you call me yourself?
What the hell are you two doing?